feat: enable quic transport by default (#9133)
ChainSafe/lodestar: docs/pages/run/beacon-management/networking.md

### QUIC Transport

> Lodestar supports [QUIC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000) as a transport alongside TCP. QUIC is a UDP-based transport that provides built-in encryption (TLS 1.3), multiplexed streams, and faster connection establishment compared to TCP. QUIC is enabled by default and Lodestar will prefer QUIC when dialing peers that advertise QUIC support. The node's ENR automatically includes QUIC port information so other nodes can discover and connect via QUIC (overridable with `--enr.quic` and `--enr.quic6`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lodestar supports [QUIC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000) as a transport alongside TCP. QUIC is a UDP-based transport that provides built-in encryption (TLS 1.3), multiplexed streams, and faster connection establishment compared to TCP. QUIC is enabled by default and Lodestar will prefer QUIC when dialing peers that advertise QUIC support. The node's ENR automatically includes QUIC port information so other nodes can discover and connect via QUIC. The ENR fields can be overridden with `--enr.quic` and `--enr.quic6`.
```

Author: Applied 👍

#### Port Configuration

> Lodestar uses three ports for P2P networking:

Reviewer: can you do another pass on the networking.md docs page if the structuring of the sections still makes sense as is, if not rework it a bit, eg. "Port configuration" being a sub section of "QUIC transport" seems a bit off the me, but I leave it up to @lodekeeper to decide whether a restructuring is required (maybe use gpt advisor to discuss this)

Author: Good call — restructured in 71c756e. Promoted "Port Configuration" to a top-level `##` section (between Data Transport and Firewall Management) since it covers all three ports, not just QUIC. Folded the ENR QUIC note into the QUIC Transport paragraph to keep it concise. Section flow is now:

```
## Data Transport (libp2p)
  ### QUIC Transport     ← brief description + ENR note
## Port Configuration    ← port table (TCP, discv5, QUIC)
## Firewall Management
## NAT Traversal
```

> With QUIC enabled by default, the node listens on an additional UDP port and advertises QUIC support in its ENR. Lodestar uses three ports for P2P networking:

Reviewer: consider rephrasing a bit since QUIC is now enabled by default, do we need to highlight it as explicitly anymore, or is the table below enough to show the ports?

Author: Simplified — removed the redundant QUIC callout paragraph, just the port table now. Fixed in 45cca3b.

### QUIC Transport

Lodestar supports [QUIC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9000) as a transport alongside TCP. QUIC is a UDP-based transport that provides built-in encryption (TLS 1.3), multiplexed streams, and faster connection establishment compared to TCP. QUIC is enabled by default. Lodestar will prefer QUIC when dialing peers that advertise QUIC support.

> #### Disabling QUIC

Reviewer: @lodekeeper I don't think we need to call this out explicitly, I'd rather just document quic here but not how to explicitly disable it

Author: Agreed — removed the 'Disabling QUIC' subsection and all conditional language about disabled state. Just documenting QUIC as the default now. Fixed in de1b151.
